Welcome back everyone.
In part two of this three part lesson we are going to pick up right where we left off in part one.
Let's dive in and get right back to the action.
So let's go ahead and complete the styling for this testimonial section.
The last element that we focused on in Part One was this heading.
It's good to go.
So now let's focus on this paragraph.
This paragraph can use the same font size and line height as we used in this section.
And in this section and we can achieve that font style for paragraph elements by applying the generic
content container class to one of these paragraphs parent elements.
So in our age DMO on the main road div for the testimonial section let's go ahead and add the generic
content container class that looks a lot better.
And the styling for this block is actually now complete.
Let's go ahead and apply this same HMO pattern to the other two testimonials.
Let's begin by finding this content in the HMO so if we scroll down a bit here is that testimonial.
Let's wrap this content in a new div that has a class of testimonial.
Let's close out that new div and let's go ahead and indent this content.
So we know that the image should be wrapped in its own div that has a class of testimonial underscore
underscore photo.
It's close that did and indent the image.
We want this heading to have a class of testimony to underscore underscore title we want this heading
to actually be in H for instead of an H 3.
And let's give it a class of testimony or underscore underscore subtitle.
Let's save this.
See Outlook's looks good.
We will address this vertical spacing issue in just a moment.
But first let's go ahead and apply the block to this testimonial.
So if we scroll down a bit here it is.
Let's wrap it in a div that has a class testimony to close out that new div indent the content wrap
the image in a div of its own testimony or underscore underscore photo close out that div indent the
image.
Give this a class of testimonial title.
Change this to an H for and give it a class of testimonial subtitle.
And now all three testimonials have been styled.
Next let's address this issue where there isn't enough vertical spacing between the section title and
the top of the testimonial images.
This issue exists because we used position relative to pull these images up out of their natural position.
So if we pull these images up any pixels from where they would normally sit we can counteract this overlapping
issue by simply adding 80 pixels of top padding to this row.
So over an hour each time out was fine.
The main parent row div for this section.
Here it is.
Let's give it a new modifier class of road dash dash Tiefer top and then padding.
Let's save this.
And then within our modules CSSA folder.
Let's open up road of CSX.
Let's create a new rule for that modifier class T padding padding top 80 pixels
perfect if we compare this to the design file the next thing that I think we should adjust is that the
gutter or margin between the columns looks a bit smaller or narrower in the design file than it does
in the browser so we can fine tune that by simply adding a modifier class in our HMO to that main road
div..
So let's add a new modifier ro dash dash gutters.
Small.
Let's save that and then back in our road of CSSA file.
Here's the normal gutters rule.
And here is the gutters large rule.
Let's create a new corresponding one for the gutter small margin right.
So if we check out the design file in this instance the girl looks like about 45 pixels.
So from cutters small let's say margin right should be negative 45 pixels.
And then if we scroll down a bit we also want to create a corresponding rule that targets each column.
So again the normal gutter is 65 pixels large gutter is 100 pixels.
Let's create one for the corresponding small gutters.
So Gunders small look inside that element for any direct descendants that have a tag type of div and
give them all a padding right a 45 pixels perfect.
Now the gutters match the design.
The next thing that I notice is that each of our testimonials is a different height.
But if we look at the design file they are all equal height.
So in the design file even though this testimonial text is shorter than this testimonial text the transparent
white background area is still the same height.
So how can we adjust things in the browser so that all three testimonials use the height of the tallest
item.
Well there are several ways to achieve that with CSX the particular way that we will achieve an equal
height lay out is by leveraging something called Flex box.
Let's begin by jumping into our HTL now and giving the main parent Rodier of a new modifier class of
row dash dash.
Equal height at medium.
So once the screen is large enough to be considered medium we will apply a bit of CSSA to make all of
the columns equal height.
So let's save this and jump into our road of CSSA file.
But scroll down to the very bottom.
And right before the final closing curly bracket let's create a new CSSA comment begin equal height
rules.
We are including this just to stay organized.
So after that let's create a new rule that targets the modifier class we just created equal height at
medium.
So let's go ahead and use our media query mixin.
So mix in at medium.
So what we want to do is tell the parent row div to use fluxbox so we can just say display flaks now
by itself this won't do anything.
So if we check the browser nothing changed.
However if we also tell each of the three columns to use flex box instead of being floated to the left
the contents of each will flex to match the tallest element.
So in our CSA as after the media query but still within this rule let's target all of the columns.
So the ampersand will give us this selector and then we can say only select direct descendants that
have a tag type of Div.
So this will select all of the columns and then we can tell them to stop being floated and start using
Fluxbox instead.
Display flex.
So let's save this and check out the browser.
And we now have equal height columns.
At this point I think the testimonial section is complete for larger screens.
Now let's see how things look on smaller screens.
Let me scroll up a bit so I think the first thing I would adjust for mobile is to remove this background
image.
I think that background image makes sense for larger screens because there's plenty of extra room on
the sides and there's also more vertical margin everywhere.
So there's plenty of extra empty screen space for that background image to really shine through.
But on smaller screens I just don't think the background image is a good fit.
Not to mention it's a fairly large image which means it has a large file size and we don't want mobile
users to have to download a large image file if they really don't need to.
It's just a waste of their data plan.
Now we apply that background image in a CSSA file in the modules folder named page section.
We created a modifier rule for the testimonials page section.
So why don't we do this let's wrap these properties in a mixin media query so let's say mix in at medium
and let's just paste those properties into the media query.
And for smaller screens let's just tell the baseline for this testimonials modifier to be a solid light
blue background color.
So that say background color.
Here's a hexadecimal color code you can type in for a nice light blue each zero the six E-F.
Let's see how that looks.
Perfect.
The next thing that I would like to adjust on small screens is that I don't think we can afford to have
this margin and this margin for smaller screens like this.
There just isn't very much horizontal screen space available.
And I think we want to do whatever we can to give the actual content or text as much horizontal breathing
room as we possibly can.
So why don't we go ahead and remove this margin on the sides so that the testimony or white background
uses the full screens available which we can achieve this by adding a modifier class to this section's
wrapper div.
So over in our HMO here is the row for the testimonial content and just above it.
Here is the wrapper element.
So this wrapper div is what's responsible for creating this margin that we see on the far sides.
So let's add a modifier class of wrapper dash dash.
No padding until medium.
Let's go ahead and save this and then open up our wrapper does CSSA file.
Let's go ahead and create a modifier rule no padding until medium.
So basically we want to offset or zero out these padding values.
So let's just say padding left zero padding right zero.
But for screens that are considered medium or larger We do want padding.
So then we can use a mix in media query say mix in at medium.
Let's add that padding back in.
So we can just copy and paste these lines.
Let's go ahead and save this.
I think that looks better for small screens.
We can even reduce this margin on the testimonial item itself down at the Mobile view.
Why don't we reduce this so that it matches the margin we see throughout the rest of the design for
mobile which is the standard 18 pixels from the wrapper div we can adjust this by going into our testimony
or CSSA file scrolling up to the top.
And let's wrap these padding values in a mixin media query.
So let's just copy that line mix in at medium pace line in and then let's reduce the baseline horizontal
padding to 18 pixels
perfect.
Let's scroll down a bit.
All right so we see a big problem here.
Remember that we used position relative on these images to pull them up 80 pixels out of their natural
position.
Now on larger screens that's OK because all of the columns sit by each other side by side.
But on mobile the three testimonials will stack on top of each other.
So why don't we go ahead and add a bit of margin bottom to each testimony on smaller screens to counteract
this overlapping issue.
So within our testimonial CSSA file right up at the top on the baseline style for the main block element
let's just say margin bottom to simply prevent the images from overlapping.
We could give it a margin of 80 pixels and we can see that that lines things up perfectly.
But I think this would look better if there was a little bit of extra vertical spacing between the two
testimonials.
So why don't we add an extra 18 pixels on top of this 80.
So 98 I think that looks nice but remember we don't need to add this bottom margin on larger screens.
Now we conveniently already have an at medium medium query here.
So why don't we just go ahead and zero out this margin bottom so we can save margin bottom zero perfect.
So now we have that bottom margin on smaller screens but we aren't adding unnecessary margin for larger
screens.
If we jump back over to a small screen I think we should try to eliminate this light blue Gap.
This gap is being created by the margin bottom that we just added to testimonials and also by the bottom
padding of our page section element.
So to remove this gap let's begin by targeting the third and final testimonial and removing its bottom
margin.
So over in our age.
TMF In but scroll down and find that third and last testimonial here it is let's give it a modifier
class of testimonial dash dash last.
Now over in our testimonial CSSA file let's create a rule that targets that modifier last.
And let's just say margin bottom zero.
So that got rid of most of the gap we can get rid of the remaining portion by adding a modifier class
to the testimonials page section element.
So over in our HMO we scroll up to where this row begins.
Here and then move up just a little bit further.
The overall testimonials div has a class of page section.
Why don't we go ahead and add on another modifier page section dash dash no be for bottom padding until
medium.
All right so that's the new modifier class.
Let's go ahead and say this and open up our page.
S.c.s s file.
Let's create a new rule for that modifier class.
So no B for bottom padding until medium.
So we can just say padding bottom zero and then create a media queries.
So mix in at medium for screens that are medium or larger.
We can go ahead and set the padding bottom back to its original value of four and a half rim but save
this.
The gap is gone and we still managed to keep our bottom page section spacing on larger screens and that's
actually going to bring part 2 of this three part lesson to a close.
Our testimonial section is complete both for large and small screens.
And in part 3 we are going to make sure that it looks great on medium sized screens.
Let's keep rolling along and I will see you in part 3.